docs(upgrade): adjust upgrade guide to new feature flag (#5779)
zeebe-io/zeebe: docs/src/operations/upgrade.md

1. Continue with the next broker until all brokers are upgraded
1. Upgrade the standalone gateways

> > Because of an existing issue in Zeebe versions before 0.24.4, it is not recommended to perform a rolling upgrade. Please follow the upgrade procedure instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you are upgrading Zeebe from 0.24.4 to a newer version, then you can simply perform a rolling upgrade. However, if you are upgrading Zeebe from a version lower than 0.24.4, it is not recommended to perform a rolling upgrade. Please follow the upgrade procedure described below instead.
```

    ```

The response of the operation is the current status of the partitions. It is sent after the operation is triggered. It doesn't wait until the operation is performed.

## Experimental: Detect Reprocessing Inconsistency

With Zeebe 0.24.5 and 0.25.1 a new exterimental feature was introduced which detects inconsistency of the logstream on upgrade to mitigate the following
[issue](https://github.com/zeebe-io/zeebe/issues/5581).

> We recommend to enable it after upgrading to a new version of Zeebe for the first run after the upgrade as described in the [update proceedure](#upgrade-procedure-for-zeebe-before-0244).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend to enable it after upgrading Zeebe from a version lower than 0.24.4 to a version greater than or equal to 0.24.4 on the first run after the upgrade, as described in the [update proceedure](#upgrade-procedure-for-zeebe-before-0244).
```

You can enable it using the following environment variable:

```
ZEEBE_BROKER_EXPERIMENTAL_DETECTREPROCESSINGINCONSISTENCY="true"
```

> After you [verified that the upgrade](#verifying-the-upgrade) was successfull, we recommend to disable it again by unsetting the environment variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you [verified that the upgrade](#verifying-the-upgrade) was successful, we recommend to disable it again by unsetting the environment variable and restarting your brokers.
```
